Welcome to the Web Accessibility Initiative Evaluation and Repair (WAIERIG) Interest Group (not to be confused with the overall WAI Interest Group (WAIIG). 
As you know from the charter, http://www.w3.org/WAI/ER/IG/ we'll be advising the ER Working group on tools for evaluating, repairing, and filtering web sites (some people will be members of both groups). 
In addition to our own knowledge and experience, we'll rely on input from from novice and expert users with disabilities, web authors and administrators, ISP's, content owners, and vendors
some of whom will be ourselves. 
To start out, would you each say a few words about yourself and your involvement in this area? 
I attached my own description below. 
Len 
Here's my own intro: 
Hello. 
I'm Len Kasday. 
I had some opportunity to work on universal design while I was at AT&amp;amp;T Bell Labs, e.g. designing the workstations at our Relay centers to accommodate communications assistants who are sighted, who use Braille, and who use a large screen and magnification. 
I'm now at the Institute on Disabilities at Temple University in Philadelphia. 
Also, I'm chair of this group. 
(When you write about yourself please feel free to be a lot longer or shorter than I was. 
Also, if your official job, i.e. your &quot;day&quot; job, isn't disability related, please mention it if you'd like to. 
It can be very helpful to get a different perspective). 
Leonard R. Kasday 
Institute on Disabilities at Temple University 
kasday@acm.org 
telephone (215} 204 2247 
Chair, Web Accessibility Inititative Evaluation and Repair Interest Group 
http://www.w3.org/WAI/ER/
&gt; To start out, would you each say a few words about yourself and your involvement in this area? 
&gt; I attached my own description below. 
My name is Daniel Dardailler and I work for W3C, acting as overall WAI Project Manager and also chair of the Evaluation&amp;amp;Repair working group (Len is chairing the Interest Group). 
My involvement in Accessibility goes back to 1993 or so, when I started working on X Window Access. 
I started at W3C in 1996 and helped starting and launching the WAI in 1997. 
I think the work we're about to do in these two complementary ER groups is paramount to the success of the WAI. 
Furthermore, I expect the ER IG to be instrumental in defining and refining the exact deliverables of the WG group.
Hi, I'm Al Gilman. 
When I joined the devaccess list I said &quot;I'm a standards reformer, and I have an agenda.&quot; 
Maybe that was a little inyourface, and then maybe I am. 
General background is at &amp;lt;http://www.access.digex.net/~asgilman/&amp;gt; . 
I am wearing at least two hats in this particular context. 
Under one hat I am chairing the WAI Protocols and Formats Working Group. 
I think we need to have some empirical backup for protocol and format suggestions we make in the future. 
So I am looking to this group to brainstorm some things to try, and the ERWG to prototype some of them, so that we can be more confident of our recommendations. 
Under another hat I am on the Trace Center team that will be supporting NSF NPACI webmasters with a toolkit strongly related to the results of the ER teams in the WAI. 
This has led me to be talking with webmasters and web evaluators in the U.S. Federal Government, which is a business headquartered near where I live. 
I have been talking up this group with those folks. 
Al
Hi 
I'm Gregg Vanderheiden, 
I am part of a research group at the university of wisconsin working on accessibility and information technologies. 
We will also be funding a number of activities (tools) in the wai  er wg. 
So we are looking forward with great anticipation to the discussions here. 
Gregg 
CoChair GL guidelines Working Group 
Gregg C Vanderheiden Ph.D. 
Professor  Human Factors 
Dept of Ind. Engr.  U of Wis. 
Director  Trace R &amp;amp; D Center 
Gv@trace.wisc.edu, http:// trace.wisc.edu / 
FAX 608/2628848 
For a list of our listserves send &quot;lists&quot; to listproc@ trace.wisc.edu
Chairman Kasday, Mr. Dardailler, and distinguished members of WAI Evaluation and Repair Interest Group list: 
Allow me to introduce my self, Phill Jenkins, IBM Special Needs Systems, Austin, TX 
I'm currently working on accessibility in general for IBM, including hardware, software, and especially Web and Java. 
I've been accused of and called things, including:: 
2.Web site content owner  www.ibm.com/sns 
3.Web site author, administrator, [and Web slave]  www.ibm.com/sns and other IBM sites 
4.Tool vendors  IBM has many tools and applications including Screen Reader, Home Page Reader, Ichecker, VisualAge, Fusion, Notes, Domino, etc. 
5.trying to become an Expert on disabilities 
6.was once an Expert on usability 
 I actually did some original usability test for the PC back in the early 80's. 
I witnessed test subjects removing [tearing off] the &quot;protective cover&quot; off the 5.25 inch floppy disks because of poor documentation and directions. 
7.and I can reach out to obtain input from novice users, nontechnical web site content owners, and any other people who might not normally participate directly. 
Besides committing to a &quot;minimum 3 hours per week&quot;, remaining &quot;current on w3cwaierig list and respond[ing] in timely manner to postings&quot; and &quot;participat[ing] in biweekly to monthly phone meetings or send[ing] regrets to chair&quot;, I will continue to work on evaluating BOBBY, for both accessibility with our Java Screen Reader technology and use in evaluating our own IBM web sites. 
I am also just now beginning to understand and learn Lotus Notes Domino  the twistie concern  and how it might be used to repair and/or filter site content to improve accessibility. 
Yes, I read the charter...http://www.w3.org/WAI/ER/IG/ 
Regards, 
Phill Jenkins
Hello everyone, 
My name is Kitch Barnicle and I work part time at the American Foundation for the Blind in the technology access program. 
When I am not at AFB I live the life of a graduate student. 
At the moment I am in the process of collecting data for my doctoral dissertation, which is basically a usability study of how users of speech interact with GUI elements. 
In general, I am interested in adapting usability testing techniques so that individuals with disabilities can be included in assessments of mainstream technology, including the web. 
Prior to joining AFB in the fall of 1993, I was a manager of evaluations at the federally funded rehabilitation engineering center on the evaluation of assistive technology. 
Though our evaluations primarily focused on mobility related devices such as wheelchairs, scooters and bathroom equipment, I think the experience will prove useful to me in this endeavor. 
I'm looking forward to working with the group. 
Kitch
