The IETF meetings tend to become too large, creating logistics and planning problems. 
I suggest that future meetings are held for two weeks, with applications and user services issues the first week, and all other issues the second week. 
Those who so wish could attend both weeks, and other people could attend only one week. 
Those who choose to attend both weeks would be able to cover more groups and do better liaisons between the different areas. 
The Friday of the first week could discuss applications issues which might be of special interest to the other areas, and the Monday of the second week would schedule other groups which might be of special interest to applications people, so some people could attend MondayMonday or FridayFriday.  
Jacob Palme &lt;jpalme@dsv.su.se&gt; (Stockholm University and KTH)  
for more info see URL: http://www.dsv.su.se/~jpalme
> The IETF meetings tend to become too large, creating logistics and planning problems. ...  
My problem over the past year or so is that there are only a few session I wish to attend, but I cannot know for sure when they will be scheduled, so I cannot make reasonable travel arrangements (a week in Orlando for 6 hours of meetings is hard to sell to management). 
Now I know there is a rationale here, and that one is encouraged to participate broadly. 
And I am hopeful that new activities (my own and in the IETF) will give me many more reasons to attend.  
But firmer scheduling would be a big win.  
regards, Terry  
Terry Allen Electronic Commerce and Publishing Consultant  
tallen[at]sonic.net  
http://www.sonic.net/~tallen/  
DocBook: http://www.ora.com/davenport/index.html  
Common Business Library: http://www.veosystems.com/
Terry,  
WG Chairs already are asked to specify which clashes they want to avoid, but clash avoidance is an iterative problem. 
I just don't see how late changes can be completely avoided. 
Obviously, everybody knows they need to be minimised.  
Jacob,  
No way. 
Taking one week out of our calendars 3 times a year is already very painful, and a lot of people really do need and want to track multiple areas of the IETF. 
Spreading it thinner would be awful.  
Brian
Working groups don't seem to decide at the last minute whether or not they need a meeting, or what their conflict avoidance criteria needs to be. 
This leads me to believe that we could create the IETF schedule earlier without causing significant pain.  
For example, it would be very useful so that the final WG schedule was available more than 21 days in advance, in order to get advanced purchase tickets. 
This would mean that the apps area schedule should be set tentatively 3035 days in advance, so that the draft IETF schedule could be published and conflicts reviewed.  
Larry
> For example, it would be very useful so that the final WG schedule was available more than 21 days in advance, in order to get advanced purchase tickets. 
> This would mean that the apps area schedule should be set tentatively 3035 days in advance, so that the draft IETF schedule could be published and conflicts reviewed.  
I'd like to second this notion. 
Many folks in smaller companies are under severe budget constraints and have difficulty justifying participation in IETF meetings. 
The advance notice helps reduce travel costs, which in turn helps more people attend.  
It would make my life easier.  
Richard Shockey  
Shockey Consulting LLC  
8045 Big Bend Blvd. Suite 110  
St. Louis, MO 63119  
Voice 314.918.9020  
Fax 314.918.9015  
INTERNET Mail &amp; IFAX : rshockey@ix.netcom.com
