I am just wondering if many users, disabilities or not, find white text on black background much easier to read than black on white. 
If it is the case I will include both in the style switcher I am making. 
It is my experience that many visually impaired users who still retain some eyesight prefer light text on dark backgrounds, especially when on a monitor screen. 
This is due in part to the fact that the &quot;glare&quot; from a white monitor screen is hard on the eyes, and can often wash out thin black lines (like text). 
I personally know of at least 2 partially sighted users who have set up their machines with dark backgrounds and light text, even to the point of one setting their web browser to override developers colours. 
&quot;They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve Neither liberty nor safety&quot;, Benjamin Franklin 
&gt; Best regards, 
I am aware that some people also swop between different settings, ie they may choose to work with black text on a white background in the morning, then as their eyes tire they might change their preferences to white text on a black background. 
Also, when implementing the style switcher it is important not to prevent people from using their own style sheet or browser preferences. 
I have seen some switchers that do this and if the choices offered do not suit someone's needs it can be quite limiting. 
... 
ebility Pty Ltd  Inclusive IT 
Will you be including any other colour schemes? 
Black on gold and black on certain shades of blue can improve readability for some dyslexics.* 
*If anyone has done any study on this, specifically with the RGB triplets used in CSS, would they like to share? 
&gt; I am just wondering if many users, disabilities or not, find white text on black background much easier to read than black on white. 
My understanding is that the original reason for using white (or green or orange) on black was that flicker is more obvious on large areas of solid white. 
Viewing GUIs on CRTs, I get the impression that some rasterisers on some fonts don't handle white on black well (you need to handle them differently because a white pixel is larger than a black pixel, to ensure that adjacent white pixels overlap, when using a write white device, like a typical CRT.
