I've heard that if you create a page with alt tags and bring it into word to edit it and then export it back to html that the alts are stripped? 
can anyone confirm or deny this?  
I'm guessing you mean the ALT= attribute on the &lt;IMG&gt; tag? 
That's about what I'd expect to happen, with Word or any other wordprocessor. 
I could test this on my system if you can confirm the scenario: 
 Start with an HTML document, created by any means. 
 The HTML doc is opened in Word and some text on the page is changed or added. 
 The page is &quot;Saved as HTML&quot; from Word, without first saving it in Word format. 
PS: *Why* would you use Word to edit an HTML document?! 
Many people required to edit and create web pages and/or sites are not web professionals and the only "WYSIWYG" tool available to them is Word. 
I daresay that most people don't know HTML and are not going to learn it so that they can make an accessible page through a text editor. 
This is especially true if the only editing required of them is small such as changing the grammar on a web page or correcting spelling of a word. 
This is exactly why the authoring tools aspect of the WAI is so important.  
For example, you can quickly move entire lines or paragraphs without using the clipboard;  
All of the above can be done using keyboard and pointandclick techniques. 
Furthermore, savvy Word users can create specialpurpose editing commands in Visual Basic to enhance the usefulness of the word processor as a text editor.  
Why use Word? 
I think that is exactly what needs to be tested. 
BTW, Hot Metal Pro, a web editor tool that does pretty good on accessibility and valid HTML, has the ability to import Word files. 
My wife uses that regularly to convert City of Fullerton documents from Word to HTML, rather than cuttingandpasting and marking up herself or trusting 'Save as HTML...'  
I could *not* recreate the problem described when I tested this on my own system using MS Word 97 for Windows. 
I followed the scenario with a simple test page (created in Netscape Page Composer) with a Heading, one line of text, and an image with ALT= text. 
Obviously, other versions of Word may behave differently. 
I suspect that *any* word processor would strip the ALT= text if you first save the document in its *native* format, then try to save it back to HTML. 
&amp;lt;disclaimer&amp;gt; The views expressed are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the position of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the Federal Reserve System. &amp;lt;/disclaimer&amp;gt; 
I tried that with Word 97 and there was no lost of ALT.  
I even tried saving the file as .doc format, copying it under a different name.doc, reopening it in Word and saving it in HTML, and the ALT were still present (which proves that the ALT are somehow stored in the doc format)  
On the other hand, there was a lost of longdesc, link, and others new HTML4 table attributes; 
in fact, in looks like unknown attributes are pruned out, which shouldn't happen (unknown elements are kept, albeit mess up with, see below)  
The DOCTYPE and the STYLE I had in this test file were moved from the top and the head to the body, which is really bad.  
Because you use Windows ? (I use Unix)
