I've heard that if you create a page with alt tags and bring it into word to edit it and then export it back to html that the alts are stripped? 
can anyone confirm or deny this?  
&gt; I've heard that if you create a page with alt tags and bring it into word to edit it and then export it back to html that the alts are stripped? 
I'm guessing you mean the ALT= attribute on the &lt;IMG&gt; tag? 
That's about what I'd expect to happen, with Word or any other wordprocessor. 
I could test this on my system if you can confirm the scenario: 
 Start with an HTML document, created by any means. 
 The doc contains an &lt;/ALT&gt;&lt;IMG&gt; with the ALT= attribute. 
 The page is &quot;Saved as HTML&quot; from Word, without first saving it in Word format. 
Many people required to edit and create web pages and/or sites are not web professionals and the only "WYSIWYG" tool available to them is Word. 
I daresay that most people don't know HTML and are not going to learn it so that they can make an accessible page through a text editor. 
This is especially true if the only editing required of them is small such as changing the grammar on a web page or correcting spelling of a word. 
MSWord has elegant textediting commands that are absent from a basic text editor, and that make editing documents a pleasure. 
For example, you can quickly move entire lines or paragraphs without using the clipboard;  
Unfortunately, many of the really powerful Word commands are extremely poorly documented.  
Furthermore, savvy Word users can create specialpurpose editing commands in Visual Basic to enhance the usefulness of the word processor as a text editor.  
Why use Word? 
BTW, Hot Metal Pro, a web editor tool that does pretty good on accessibility and valid HTML, has the ability to import Word files. 
My wife uses that regularly to convert City of Fullerton documents from Word to HTML, rather than cuttingandpasting and marking up herself or trusting 'Save as HTML...'  
I could *not* recreate the problem described when I tested this on my own system using MS Word 97 for Windows. 
I followed the scenario with a simple test page (created in Netscape Page Composer) with a Heading, one line of text, and an image with ALT= text. 
I opened the HTML file in Word97, added one word to the text of the Heading, then saved the file back to HTML with a new name. 
The ALT= text was not affected. 
MS Word 97, at least, seems to recognize HTML and preserve it. 
Obviously, other versions of Word may behave differently. 
I suspect that *any* word processor would strip the ALT= text if you first save the document in its *native* format, then try to save it back to HTML. 
>  The doc contains an &lt;IMG&gt; with the ALT= attribute.  
>  The page is "Saved as HTML" from Word, without first saving it in Word format.  
I tried that with Word 97 and there was no lost of ALT.  
I even tried saving the file as .doc format, copying it under a different name.doc, reopening it in Word and saving it in HTML, and the ALT were still present (which proves that the ALT are somehow stored in the doc format)  
in fact, in looks like unknown attributes are pruned out, which shouldn't happen (unknown elements are kept, albeit mess up with, see below)  
